hello again and this is a fleamarket
fine that I have for you today
this is a Casio CFX 200 this was
released I think and 1983 I was at a
flea market this weekend in Lafayette
and for all of you who watched the HBO
show True Blood it's not Lafayette its
Lafayette yeah anyway so I see this
watch in a bundle of I guess other
obsolete vintage watches and I'm a watch
collector for those of you who don't
know it's the Patek Phillipe book and I
saw it I said hey those are cool because
I like calculator watches obviously I
guess this the nerd in me and they're
quite collectible which you wouldn't
think for instance this one can sell up
to 350 bucks and probably more depending
on it's actually stainless steel which
is cool so it's not some cheap plastic
or whatever stainless steel these were
sold in higher in stores and buy higher
meant higher end I don't mean I don't
mean like Tiffany I mean like Sears
Service Merchandise stuff like that and
I'm not sure the original price on money
check that out but I got it for $3 I'm
excited about it whatever it wasn't
running when I got it so I had to go to
Radio Shack and get a battery for it
now something to remember with this
particular CFX 200 it's that the
original battery that was used for which
I think is the 2020
CR lithium battery 2020 is no longer
being made or and if it is it's
extremely hard to find I mean you could
buy it on eBay somewhere like that but
you're not gonna walk into RadioShack
fine so I had to substitute that for
and I had to actually put a little piece
of cardboard behind it to act as
additional reinforcement because every
time I wiggled the watch a lot if I
shook it up or something
uh it would reset because I guess you
know they would the battery would
disconnect and reset so it's a cool fine
you know I collect all types of watches
a lot of a lot of my friends are joking
with me they're like what what the hell
are you doing with it with the
calculator watch no because I watch I
wear all sorts of watches some are you
know seeing that's to be high end and I
guess this would be considered low in
which is not it's actually of excellent
quality I mean I don't know how many
people I've read on the internet
testimonials about oh I've had this
watch for twenty years wore it every day
and it works great anyway and I have the
Patek Phillipe book next to it just for
effect but in any event so do a google
search check it out